[app management policies] update docs for adding restriction state (#9368)
microsoftgraph/microsoft-graph-docs-contrib: api-reference/beta/resources/keycredentialconfiguration.md

## Properties

| Property                                    | Type                            | Description |
| :------------------------------------------ | :------------------------------ | :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| restrictionType                             | appKeyCredentialRestrictionType | The type of restriction being applied. Possible values are `asymmetricKeyLifetime`. Each value of restrictionType can be used only once per policy.|

> | state                                       | appManagementRestrictionState   | String value indicating the how the restriction is evaluated. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`. If `enabled`, the restriction will be evaluated. If `disabled`, the restriction will not be evaluated.|

Reviewer: Wording 'will be evaluated' is slightly confusing to me.  I suggest:

```suggestion
| state                                       | appManagementRestrictionState   | String value indicating if the restriction will be enforced. The possible values are: `enabled`, `disabled`. If `enabled`, the restriction will be evaluated and enforced. If `disabled`, the restriction will not be enforced, and no properties on the restriction will be evaluated. |
```

| restrictForAppsCreatedAfterDateTime         | DateTimeOffset                  | Datetime timestamp indicating the date on or after which the apps are created that the policy restriction should apply to. For existing applications, the enforcement date can be back dated.|
| maxLifetime                                 | Duration                        | String value indicating as maximum lifetime for key expiration, defined as an ISO 8601 duration. For example, `P4DT12H30M5S` represents a duration of four days, twelve hours, thirty minutes, and five seconds. This property is required when **restrictionType** is set to `keyLifetime`.|

> | certificateBasedApplicationConfigurationIds | Collection (Guid)               | Collection of Guids that point to the [certificateBasedApplicationConfiguration](../resources/certificatebasedapplicationconfiguration.md) that contains the collection of allowed root and intermediate certificate authorities.|

Reviewer 2: name ordering should be alphabetical.
